
Project Journal:

    Day one :
    Thus far I have implemented the parsing of the flags. The parsing module returns to me the number of flags present
    while simoultaneously declaring a character array which indicates the flags in the user would like to use by the position of the indexed 1.
    in order to text this you oughta iterate through the array NB_FLAGS (6) times. 

    Day Two :
    Currently I am trying to implement the recursion in my my program. It is proving to me a lot more difficult than expected, not due to the problem itself
    but because of some severe mistakes I have made in the archtecture of my code. Since I am duplicating knowledgde throughout my header files
    I get confused whenever I have to change functions and their prototypes. This is incredibly frustrating and definitely teaching me a lesson.
    I oughta stop duplicating knowledge and restructure my architecture in a way that makes header files unique. I will thus put every header file in the includes folder
    and figure out how to make the program compile with that folder. This will prove to be a challenge since Makefiles are still somewhat of a mistery to me.

    I have removed a lot of clutter within my project. I decided that I no would no longer use my printf as well as the GNL since I don't really need them and they would only 
    creat unnecessary noise within my project, opening up venues for memory leaks and such. I think that anything I would need the printf for could just as well be done with my libft
    which is a lot safer in terms of memory leaks and such. By removing the printf I have also simplified the archtecture of my project, making it a lot easier to hunt for bugs.
    I am no finally ready to implement the recursion part.

    The recursive allocation is slowly coming together. I have solved the problem of getting the filetype into the stack elements themselves.
    They are now saved as an unsigned char, which indicates the filetype. Since I need the path of a directory to open it, I need to figure out where
    and how exactly I need to concatenate the filename and the current path of the current directory in order to get the new directory path for the recursion.

    I have now implemented the recursive allocation of all elements. My stack now contains every subdirectory and their respective subdirectories and so on of the directory
    in which the program is executed. 
    I have constructed the allocation in such a way that leaves the path string in every stack element empty/pointed to NULL UNLESS it is a directory.
    I am not sure if this is the right approach but I will leave it like this for now.
    
    Day Three:
    So after having implemented a prototype of the recursive output of all elements within the stack, I have decided to construct the program in such a way that gives
    way to two kinds of outputs. A recursive one as well as a normal one. The treatment and formatting of flags will be quite identical in the two of them. The only difference will 
    be the recursion within onr of the output systems. I am doing this because the flow will be a lot easier to manage and it will render the code a lot more modular.

    I have changed the logic so that now every file gets its path into the stack element since I need the exact path for the stat function.
    I have also implemented the extraction of all the info stat() extracts.

    Currently I am implementing the permissions module. The logic is simple. In the recursive allocation of the list, I 
    simply redirect the entire stack towards the info extraction module. There the t_fiels structure is allocated, and all the 
    info I can get is then put into the stack element.
    I have also decided to avoid dynamic memory allocation whenever possible as this will render my code a lot cleaner.

    The extraction of the user of the file has been implemented. I save it as a string in the t_fields structure within the t_stack structure.

    I have managed to extract and isolate the date and put it into the t_fields structure. Next up I need to get the time and put it into the structure as well.
    I am not quite certain of difference between the time of the last modification, and the time of the last status. I oughta do some research.
    I still haven't thought about the treatment of the flags either. My approach currently is to get all the info into the stack element, and then decide at the point 
    of output what information to show. But this may render my program inefficient. However this point it easily modifiable as I only need to modify the control flow at the
    extraction of the information. Depending on the complexity of the required code I will implement this most likely at the end of the project.

    // Next I need to figure out how to get all the necessary information into the stack elements. 
    This includes times, user group et cetera (every piece of info which the required flags for this project may invoke)
